Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_EfficientDet_Models.md

# Converting TensorFlow EfficientDet Models {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_EfficientDet_Models}

This tutorial explains how to convert EfficientDet public object detection models to the Intermediate Representation (IR).

## <a name="efficientdet-to-ir"></a>Converting EfficientDet Model to the IR

> You will find on Github several public versions of EfficientDet model implementation. This tutorial explains how to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several public versions of EfficientDet model implementation to be find in GitHub. This tutorial explains how to
```

Author: ```suggestion
There are several public versions of EfficientDet model implementation available in GitHub. This tutorial explains how to
```

> convert models from the [https://github.com/google/automl/tree/master/efficientdet](https://github.com/google/automl/tree/master/efficientdet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
convert models from the [repository](https://github.com/google/automl/tree/master/efficientdet)
```

> There are several public versions of EfficientDet model implementation available in GitHub. This tutorial explains how to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several public versions of EfficientDet model implementation available on GitHub. This tutorial explains how to
```

> repository (commit 96e1fee) to the IR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 (commit 96e1fee) to the IR.
```

>  (commit 96e1fee) to the IR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 (commit 96e1fee) to the OpenVINO format.
```
